[Music]
only hear the title the haunting in
connecticut will we find it exciting
this movie is based on a true story its
origin was about a haunted house in
connecticut
usa if you're interested you can find
more information about it on the
internet
the story took place in 1987. our main
character matt suffered from cancer at a
very young age
in order to make it more convenient his
parents rented a house closer to the
hospital
to be honest this house had an ideal
location how could the rent cost be that
cheap
there must have been a problem but
because of not having much time to
consider
and they weren't rich so they agreed to
rent this house
on the day moving in some strange things
happened to matt
he was awakened by some weird sound in
the middle of night
slowly he walked downstairs matt found a
mirror immediately
a bloody face appeared in the mirror
luckily it was just a nightmare
the next day when the mother sarah was
cleaning the house
she found some photographs which were
definitely of the former house owner
but they looked quite weird like
pictures of dead people
which made she really frustrated so she
threw them away in the dustbin
after that the father peter arrived with
their daughter and son
the two kids were allowed to choose
their own rooms matt chose the basement
where there was a mysterious door
because he didn't want his miserable
cough to awake his parents at midnight
sarah understood so but she couldn't
refuse that mysterious door was very
difficult to open matt looked inside in
a wink
he was extremely panicked when he turned
around he saw his mother using blood to
clean the floor
but when he looked again that was water
the plates which were being lined up
neatly on the shelf suddenly broke for
no reason
mark thought that he was hallucinating
because of sickness that's why he didn't
tell it to his family
night fell matt was awakened by some
force when he opened his eyes
there were two people talking one of
them discovered him
suddenly matt had the same vision as
that man and saw a terrifying scene
an old bearded man wearing glasses and
corpses with symbols carved into their
skin
what's more the old man was cutting
their eyelids which made matt scared to
awake
fortunately that was another nightmare
but would it be true
at this time matt discovered that the
mysterious door had been opened
he walked in and stayed there the whole
night the next morning
other family members found him in the
room peter later learned that the house
was supposedly a funeral home
the room behind the mysterious door was
a mortuary all equipments were still
there
in the evening the entire family
gathered they decided to continue
renting the house until matt recovered
at the same time matt started to
hallucinate again he saw a group of
people gathering around
and ramsay was practicing necromancy
with jonah as the medium
matt told this to his sister but she
only said that it might be a side effect
of his drug
the next day when he was in the hospital
matt encountered another patient
nicholas
who was a priest after hearing all the
things that had happened to matt
he said it wasn't illusion but his house
might be haunted
those who were on the verge of dying
usually could see things that normal
people couldn't
the priest gave matt a name card and
said call me if you were in trouble
along with the flow of time the demons
started to appear at matt's house more
and more
that day when the three were playing
hide-and-seek jonah appeared again at
the house
he then suddenly was dragged to the room
downstairs matt chased after him
after entering the mortuary there were
many mummies inside
they could even move they surrounded him
because of fear
matt pushed them away but then
discovered that he had pushed his
brother
the family thought that matt had gone
crazy feeling so helpless
matt came to nicholas he said those
spirits followed you but didn't harm you
which meant they wanted something from
you you should find out what they wanted
afterwards matt suddenly found a burt
figure in his room who began to approach
him
holding back his fear matt tried to ask
what that person wanted
however he didn't say anything but
shouted loudly and disappeared
but weird things didn't end the spirit
started to harass matt's family
when the younger sister was walking her
leg suddenly was stuck in the floor for
no reason
the brother was also locked in the
inused crematory after rescuing the
sister
matt discovered an old box there were
numerous humans dry eyelids and old
pictures
after seeing all of them matt was
extremely shocked
because he had seen all the scenes in
the pictures they were his nightmares
from earlier
and true stories that had happened in
the past but for some unknown reasons
matt was allowed to see them again in
order to find out the truth
matt and his sister went to a library to
find some relevant documents
the former owner of the house was ramsay
aikman he was a psychic and jonah was
his assistant
he practiced necromancy in an attempt to
control the dead
and bind them to the house after that
aikman discovered a method which could
increase his strength
he used jonah's body to release
something called spiritual food to
increase his power
but in the last step they made a mistake
causing all the participants to die and
jonah also had disappeared
after a long time when the highway was
about to be widened people wanted to
remove the cemetery
but they found out that more than 100
corpses disappeared
and was changed into sandbags matt
thought that those 100 corpses were
brought away ramsay and jonah
the main cause might be related to the
attempt to increase his strength
in the evening matt and his sister came
to nicholas
and told him everything they knew
because of being a priest
nicholas was used to these things he
told matt that those dry eyelids all
belong to human
aikman took advantage of those corpses
to do a disgusting magic
that was controlling the spirits dead
people usually closed their eyes
but when their eyelids were cut they
couldn't close their eyes
the spirits would be locked in the
corpses threw carving symbols into their
skin
ramsay used these spirits to increase
jonah's power in order to earn more
money
those corpses might be hidden somewhere
around the house at this time
the mother got back home she considered
nicholas as a fraud and kicked him out
this movie was adapted from the haunted
incident in connecticut after matt's
mother had kicked the priest out
she was awakened by a weird sound at
midnight oh my god
a corpse suddenly appeared in front of
her but when she hurdly turned on the
light there wasn't anything
at this time the lights in the house
started flashing other devices were
suddenly turned on
until now did the mother believe that
the house was haunted she hurriedly
invited the priest to return
he carefully checked around the house in
the crematory
they found jonah ash as long as they
discarded that
jonah could no longer mess up with them
while the priest was collecting the ash
the bird figure from earlier approached
matt that was jonah's spirit
nicholas tried all his best to bring the
ash away the spirit also disappeared and
the house returned to normal
when nicholas brought jonah away it
wasn't the ending but the beginning of
the nightmare
not long after they had left matt found
his body covered with aikman symbols
the family hurriedly took him to the
hospital where he encountered jonah
again
matt wasn't any scared he was on the
verge of dying anyway
there was nothing that could scare him
he stepped towards jonah and confronted
him
after that the two began to have
simultaneous visions
at first the necromancy was very
successful but in the last step because
the power was tremendous
they couldn't control it so there was an
explosion causing everyone in the
necromancy to die apart from jonah
but the spirit trapped jonah in the
crematory and cremated him alive
after matt's family had moved in jonah
wanted to protect them
so he kept scaring them to change their
mind however his ash was brought out of
the house
which meant the spirits weren't
controlled anymore if they continued
living there
it would be very dangerous meanwhile
matt's sister almost suffocated
to death while she was taking a bath the
spirits took action
they wanted to kill any living person in
the house after learning the truth
matt returned home with an axe he forced
all the people to get out
with jonah's guidance he tore the wall
in the living room
revealed the dusty corpses that aikman
had hidden the corpses began to tumble
into the room
if he wanted to kill the spirits he had
to burn all these corpses
matt poured wine over the corpses and
lit a fire the corpses started to burn
but when matt was about to leave the
spirit surrounded him
they reached out they're full of symbols
hands the mother heard his scream and
rushed in
regardless of all the prevention she ran
into the house and hid with matt under a
table
the spirits turned up again to see matt
the last time and slowly disappeared
at the end of the movie the fire
department arrived in time to bring the
two out
miraculously matt's fatal illness
disappeared with the spirits
someone said that the spirits had cured
it for him when they reached out their
hands
in my opinion i think that the spirits
wanted to thank matt
for burning their corpses so that they
could reincarnate that's why they had
treated matt's illness
as what happened we can say that demon
has good and bad faces
they also know how to show gratitude
it's okay this is the end of the movie
the sequel of this movie was published
in 2013
which was also based on true story if
you want more videos
don't forget to follow us many
interesting movies are waiting for you
goodbye